---
layout: post
title: First Post
---
Welcome and thanks for being here. This post is intended to give you introduction of this blog and its aim.  
I have been planning to make a blog since last semester. This blog is the result of my second successful attempt, though first attempt was a big failure as i used a template and it wasn't very interesting. The design of this blog is inspired from a youtube channel [Devtips](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyIe-61Y8C4_o-zZCtO4ETQ) and various blogs which i found using Google search. I have coded this website from scratch using **Jade** (_didn't like it much_) as HTML template, **Sass** for CSS, and **Gulp** for fast development. Since I was testing and improving my front-end web development skills, I wrote custom css for responsiveness, took care of cross-browser compatibility.  
So, here I am, after going through lot of _headache_ of fixing bugs, with a good looking site which I think will serve the purpose for now. I have intended this blog to be technical (_though not always_), and use it for documenting my own learning as I am exploring this wonderful world of modern technology and computers.  
#### Philosophy behind Name?
Why **r4ndombits**?  
I started learning about computers in my high school, and I came across this wonderful site **The Legend of R4ndom** (now unfortunately down), which was about Reverse Engineering. I started learning Assembly Language(intel x86) (_my first computer language_) and playing with binaries (_lot of fun_), hence the first part of this name. Bit is closely related to computers and _r4ndombits_ seems meaningful, hence full name.

Happy New Year!!
